Update tutorials (#388)
nf-core/airrflow: README.md

## Introduction

> **nf-core/airrflow** is a bioinformatics best-practice pipeline to analyze B-cell receptor (BCR) or T-cell receptor (TCR) repertoire sequencing data. It allows the processing of targeted bulk and single-cell adaptive immune receptor sequencing data (AIRR-seq), as well as the extraction of TCR and BCR sequences from untargeted bulk and single-cell RNAseq data. The pipeline enables and end-to-end analysis, departing from raw reads or readily assembled sequences, and performs sequence assembly, V(D)J assignment, clonal group inference, lineage reconstruction and repertoire analysis using the [Immcantation](https://immcantation.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) framework, as well as other immune repertoire analysis tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**nf-core/airrflow** is a bioinformatics best-practice pipeline to analyze B-cell receptor (BCR) or T-cell receptor (TCR) repertoire sequencing data. It allows the processing of targeted bulk and single-cell adaptive immune receptor sequencing data (AIRR-seq), as well as the extraction of TCR and BCR sequences from untargeted bulk and single-cell RNA-seq data. The pipeline enables and end-to-end analysis, departing from raw reads or readily assembled sequences, and performs sequence assembly, V(D)J assignment, clonal group inference, lineage reconstruction and repertoire analysis using the [Immcantation](https://immcantation.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) framework, as well as other immune repertoire analysis tools.
```

Reviewer: as it says `AIRR-seq`, I think its more consistent to also say `RNA-seq`

## Pipeline summary

> nf-core/airrflow allows the end-to-end processing of BCR and TCR bulk and single cell targeted sequencing data, as well as extracting BCR and TCR sequences from bulk and single-cell RNAseq datasets. Several protocols are supported, please see the [usage documentation](https://nf-co.re/airrflow/usage) for more details on the supported protocols. The pipeline has been certified as [AIRR compliant](https://docs.airr-community.org/en/stable/swtools/airr_swtools_compliant.html) by the AIRR community, which means that it is compatible with downstream analysis tools also supporting this format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nf-core/airrflow allows the end-to-end processing of BCR and TCR bulk and single cell targeted sequencing data, as well as extracting BCR and TCR sequences from bulk and single-cell RNA-seq datasets. Several protocols are supported, please see the [usage documentation](https://nf-co.re/airrflow/usage) for more details on the supported protocols. The pipeline has been certified as [AIRR compliant](https://docs.airr-community.org/en/stable/swtools/airr_swtools_compliant.html) by the AIRR community, which means that it is compatible with downstream analysis tools also supporting this format.
```
